add user guide (#187)
pingcap/tidb-operator: docs/user-guide.md

1. Install helm client

    ```
    $ curl https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubernetes/helm/master/scripts/get | bash
    ```

    Or if you use macOS, you can use homebrew to install Helm by `brew install kubernetes-helm`

2. Install helm server

    ```shell
    $ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/master/manifests/tiller-rbac.yaml
    $ helm init --service-account=tiller --upgrade
    $ kubectl get po -n kube-system -l name=tiller # make sure tiller pod is running
    ```

### Local Persistent Volume

Local disks are recommended to be formatted as ext4 filesystem.

Mount local ssd disks of your Kubernetes nodes at subdirectory of /mnt/disks. For example if your data disk is `/dev/nvme0n1`, you can format and mount with the following commands:

```shell
$ sudo mkdir -p /mnt/disks/disk0
$ sudo mkfs.ext4 /dev/nvme0n1
$ sudo mount -t ext4 -o nodelalloc /dev/nvme0n1 /mnt/disks/disk0
```

To auto-mount disks when your operating system is booted, you should edit `/etc/fstab` to include these mounting info.

> After mounting all data disks on Kubernetes nodes, you can deploy [local-volume-provisioner](https://github.com/kubernetes-incubator/external-storage/tree/master/local-volume) to automatically provision the mounted disks as Local PersistentVolumes.

Reviewer: The user must use local-volume-provisioner  v2.2.0 or greater for `RetainPolicy` support.

Author: The following command uses the manifests we provided to deploy local volume provisioner. So it's already >= v2.2.0

```shell
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/master/manifests/local-dind/local-volume-provisioner.yaml
$ kubectl get po -n kube-system -l app=local-volume-provisioner
$ kubectl get pv | grep local-storage
```

## Install TiDB Operator

```shell
$ kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/pingcap/tidb-operator/master/manifests/crd.yaml
$ helm install charts/tidb-operator --name=tidb-operator --namespace=tidb-admin
$ kubectl get po -n tidb-admin -l app.kubernetes.io/name=tidb-operator
```

## Manage TiDB cluster

TiDB Operator can manage multiple clusters in the same Kubernetes cluster. Clusters are qualified by `namespace` and `clusterName`, namely different clusters may have same `namespace` or `clusterName` but not both.

The default `clusterName` is `demo` which is defined in charts/tidb-cluster/values.yaml. The following variables will be used in the rest of the document:

```shell
$ releaseName="tidb-cluster"
$ namespace="tidb"
$ clusterName="demo" # Make sure this is the same as variable defined in charts/tidb-cluster/values.yaml
```

### Deploy TiDB cluster

> After TiDB Operator and Helm is deployed correctly, TiDB cluster can be deployed using following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After TiDB Operator and Helm are deployed correctly, TiDB cluster can be deployed using the following command:
```

    * Using NodePort

        You can access TiDB via any node's IP with tidb service node port. The node port is the port after `4000`, usually greater than `30000`.

### Scale TiDB cluster

To scale TiDB cluster, just modify the `replicas` of PD, TiKV and TiDB. And then run the following command:

```shell
$ helm upgrade ${releaseName} charts/tidb-cluster
```

### Upgrade TiDB cluster

Upgrade TiDB cluster is similar to scale TiDB cluster, but by changing `image` of PD, TiKV and TiDB to different image versions. And then run the following command:

```shell
$ helm upgrade ${releaseName} charts/tidb-cluster
```

### Destroy TiDB cluster

To destroy TiDB cluster, run the following command:

```shell
$ helm delete ${releaseName} --purge
```

The above command only delete the running pods, the data is persistent. If you do not need the data anymore, you can run the following command to clean the data:

```shell

> $ kubectl delete pvc -n ${namespace} -l app.kubernetes.io/instance=${releaseName}

Reviewer: use these labels instead:

```
app.kubernetes.io/instance
app.kubernetes.io/managed-by
```
